README.md, before:

# Linter

[![Slack Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-atom.io%20slack-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://atom-slack.herokuapp.com/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/steelbrain/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://circleci.com/gh/steelbrain/linter)
[![Plugin installs!](https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/linter)
[![Package version!](https://img.shields.io/apm/v/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/linter)
[![Dependencies!](https://img.shields.io/david/steelbrain/Linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/steelbrain/linter)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/linter/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/linter/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)

Linter is a base linter provider for the hackable [Atom Editor](http://atom.io). Additionally, you need to install a specific linter for your language. You will find a full list on [atomlinter.github.io](http://atomlinter.github.io/).

It provides a top-level API to its consumer so that they can visualize errors and other types of messages with ease.

![Preview](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4278113/23879933/1ab17e2a-0872-11e7-803d-3fe0ccfc6790.gif)

#### How to / Installation

You can install through the CLI by doing:

```
$ apm install linter
```

Or you can install from Settings view by searching for `Base Linter`, (this package might not show up when searching for `Linter`).

#### API Documentation

Please navigate to [steelbrain.me/linter](http://steelbrain.me/linter/) for Linter v2 documentation.

#### Contribute

Stick to imposed codestyle:

- `$ npm i`
- `$ npm lint`
- `$ npm test`

Commit message:

Add instructions to install the linter-ui-default package

README.md, after:

# Linter

[![Slack Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-atom.io%20slack-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://atom-slack.herokuapp.com/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/steelbrain/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://circleci.com/gh/steelbrain/linter)
[![Plugin installs!](https://img.shields.io/apm/dm/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/linter)
[![Package version!](https://img.shields.io/apm/v/linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://atom.io/packages/linter)
[![Dependencies!](https://img.shields.io/david/steelbrain/Linter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/steelbrain/linter)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/linter/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/linter/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)

Linter is a base linter provider for the hackable [Atom Editor](http://atom.io). Additionally, you need to install a specific linter for your language. You will find a full list on [atomlinter.github.io](http://atomlinter.github.io/).

It provides a top-level API to its consumer so that they can visualize errors and other types of messages with ease.

![Preview](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4278113/23879933/1ab17e2a-0872-11e7-803d-3fe0ccfc6790.gif)

#### How to / Installation

You can install through the CLI by doing:

```
$ apm install linter
```

Or you can install from Settings view by searching for `Base Linter`, (this package might not show up when searching for `Linter`).

If nothing seems to happen after installing the linter package and at least one language package, you may have to install the `linter-ui-default package`.  This package handles displaying results and errors in the Atom UI.

#### API Documentation

Please navigate to [steelbrain.me/linter](http://steelbrain.me/linter/) for Linter v2 documentation.

#### Contribute

Stick to imposed codestyle:

- `$ npm i`
- `$ npm lint`
- `$ npm test`
